c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Focuser.dll.config
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Focuser.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Focuser.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Focuser.tlb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Astrometry.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Attributes.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Controls.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DeviceInterfaces.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Exceptions.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.SettingsProvider.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Utilities.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Utilities.Video.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Internal.Extensions.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Astrometry.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Attributes.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Controls.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DeviceInterfaces.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Exceptions.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.SettingsProvider.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Utilities.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Internal.Extensions.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\obj\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\obj\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.SetupDialogForm.resources
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\obj\Debug\dagor_focus_driver.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\obj\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Focuser.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\obj\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Focuser.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\obj\Debug\dagor_focus_driver.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Focuser.dll.config
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Focuser.dll
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Focuser.pdb
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Focuser.tlb
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Astrometry.dll
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Attributes.dll
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Controls.dll
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DeviceInterfaces.dll
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Exceptions.dll
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.SettingsProvider.dll
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Utilities.dll
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Utilities.Video.dll
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Internal.Extensions.dll
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Astrometry.xml
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Attributes.xml
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Controls.xml
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DeviceInterfaces.xml
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Exceptions.xml
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.SettingsProvider.xml
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Utilities.xml
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Internal.Extensions.xml
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\obj\Debug\dagor_focus_driver.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\obj\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Properties.Resources.resources
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\obj\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.SetupDialogForm.resources
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\obj\Debug\dagor_focus_driver.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\obj\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Focuser.dll
\\Mac\dagor_focus_driver\dagor_focus_driver\obj\Debug\ASCOM.DagorFocus.Focuser.pdb
